---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_aws_key_rotation_list Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager AWS key rotations.
  Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list more than 10 matches.
  Note: This list is only available for CipherTrust Manager version 2.22 and greater.
---

# ciphertrust_aws_key_rotation_list (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager AWS key rotations.

Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list more than 10 matches.



Note: This list is only available for CipherTrust Manager version 2.22 and greater.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ciphertrust_aws_key_rotation_list" "rotation_list" {
  key_id = ciphertrust_aws_key.key.key_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manger resource ID of an AWS key.

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs where the 'key' is any of the filters available in CipherTrust Manager's API playground for listing AWS key rotations.

### Read-Only

- `matched` (Number) The number of records which matched the filters.
- `rotations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rotations))

<a id="nestedatt--rotations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rotations`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `aws_params` (Attributes) AWS key-material attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rotations--aws_params))
- `created_at` (String) Date and time the CipherTrust Manager resource for this rotation was created.
- `id` (String) The CipherTrust Manager resource ID for this rotation.
- `key_material_origin` (String) The origin of the key material.
- `key_source` (String) The CipherTrust Manager key source.
- `key_source_container_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager ID of the key source container.
- `key_source_container_name` (String) Name of the CipherTrust Manager key source container.
- `kms_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager AWS KMS resource ID.
- `source_key_id` (String) The CipherTrust Manager resource ID of the key used for the key material.
- `source_key_name` (String) The name of CipherTrust Manager key used for the key material.
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time the CipherTrust Manager resource for this rotation was updated.
- `uri` (String) CipherTrust Manager's unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--rotations--aws_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rotations.aws_params`

Read-Only:

- `expiration_model` (String) The key expiry model of the key material. Only applicable to EXTERNAL SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT keys.
- `import_state` (String) The import state of the key material. Only applicable to EXTERNAL SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT keys.
- `key_id` (String) Unique identifier for the key.
- `key_material_description` (String) User specified key material description. Only applicable to EXTERNAL SYMMETRIC_DEFAULT keys.
- `key_material_id` (String) Unique identifier for the key material.
- `key_material_state` (String) The state of the key material.
- `rotation_date` (String) Date and time the key material rotation completed.
- `rotation_type` (String) Whether the key material rotation was a scheduled automatic rotation or an on-demand rotation.
- `valid_to` (String) Date and time the key material expires if 'expiration_model' is KEY_MATERIAL_EXPIRES.
