---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_aws_connection_list Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_aws_connection_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String)

### Read-Only

- `aws` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws))

<a id="nestedatt--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws`

Required:

- `name` (String) Unique connection name

Optional:

- `access_key_id` (String) Key ID of the AWS user
- `assume_role_arn` (String) AWS IAM role ARN
- `assume_role_external_id` (String) Specify AWS Role external ID
- `aws_region` (String) AWS region. only used when aws_sts_regional_endpoints is equal to regional otherwise, it takes default values according to Cloud Name given.Default values are: 
for aws, default region will be "us-east-1" 
for aws-us-gov, default region will be "us-gov-east-1" 
for aws-cn, default region will be "cn-north-1"
- `aws_sts_regional_endpoints` (String) By default, AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) is available as a global service, and all AWS STS requests go to a single endpoint at https://sts.amazonaws.com. Global requests map to the US East (N. Virginia) Region. AWS recommends using Regional AWS STS endpoints instead of the global endpoint to reduce latency, build in redundancy, and increase session token validity. valid values are: 
legacy (default): Uses the global AWS STS endpoint, sts.amazonaws.com 
regional: The SDK or tool always uses the AWS STS endpoint for the currently configured Region.
- `cloud_name` (String) Name of the cloud. Options are: 
aws (default) 
aws-us-gov 
aws-cn
- `description` (String) Description about the connection
- `iam_role_anywhere` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws--iam_role_anywhere))
- `is_role_anywhere` (Boolean) Set the parameter to true to create connections of type AWS IAM Anywhere with temporary credentials.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key/value pairs used to group resources. They are based on Kubernetes Labels, see https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/.
- `meta` (Map of String) Optional end-user or service data stored with the connection.
- `products` (List of String) Array of the CipherTrust products associated with the connection
- `secret_access_key` (String) Secret associated with the access key ID of the AWS user

Read-Only:

- `account` (String)
- `application` (String) The application this resource belongs to.
- `category` (String)
- `created_at` (String)
- `dev_account` (String) The developer account which owns this resource's application.
- `id` (String)
- `last_connection_at` (String)
- `last_connection_error` (String)
- `last_connection_ok` (Boolean)
- `resource_url` (String)
- `service` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `uri` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--aws--iam_role_anywhere"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws.iam_role_anywhere`

Required:

- `anywhere_role_arn` (String) Specify AWS IAM Anywhere Role ARN
- `certificate` (String) Upload the external certificate for AWS IAM Anywhere Cloud connections. This option is used when "role_anywhere" is set to "true".
- `profile_arn` (String) Specify AWS IAM Anywhere Profile ARN
- `trust_anchor_arn` (String) Specify AWS IAM Anywhere Trust Anchor ARN

Optional:

- `private_key` (String) The private key associated with the certificate
