---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_aws_key Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_aws_key (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get the AWS key details using the alias and optionally a region
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_alias" {
  alias  = ["key_alias"]
  region = "us-east1"
}

# Get the AWS key details using the ARN
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_arn" {
  arn = ciphertrust_aws_key.aws_key.arn
}

# Get the AWS key details using the AWS key id and optionally a region
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_aws_key_id" {
  aws_key_id = ciphertrust_aws_key.aws_key.aws_key_id
  region     = "us-east1"
}

# Get the AWS key details using the terraform resource id
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_resource_id" {
  id = ciphertrust_aws_key.aws_key.id
}

# Get the AWS key details using the CipherTrust key id
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_key_id" {
  key_id = ciphertrust_aws_key.aws_key.key_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **alias** (Set of String) Input parameter. Aliases assigned to the the key
- **arn** (String) Input parameter, AWS ARN
- **aws_key_id** (String) Input parameter, can be used alone or with a region to specify the key. AWS key ID
- **id** (String) Input parameter, used alone to specify the key. Terraform ID of the key
- **key_id** (String) Input parameter, used alone to specify the key. CipherTrust key ID
- **region** (String) Optional input paramter, AWS region. Can be used in combination with alias and aws_key_id

### Read-Only

- **auto_rotate** (Boolean) True if AWS autorotation is enabled.
- **aws_account_id** (String) AWS account ID.
- **basic_view_enabled** (Boolean) What does this mean!
- **cloud_name** (String) AWS cloud.
- **created_at** (String) Date the key was created.
- **customer_master_key_spec** (String) Specifies a symmetric key or an asymmetric key pair and the encryption algorithms.
- **deletion_date** (String) Date the key is scheduled for deletion.
- **description** (String) Description of the AWS key.
- **enabled** (Boolean) True if key is enabled.
- **encryption_algorithms** (List of String) Encryption algorithms of an asymmetric key
- **expiration_model** (String) Expiration model.
- **external_accounts** (List of String) Other AWS accounts that have access to this key.
- **gone** (Boolean) True if they key is not managed by the connection.
- **key_admins** (List of String) Key administrators.
- **key_manager** (String) Key manager.
- **key_material_origin** (String) Key material origin.
- **key_rotation_enabled** (Boolean) True if rotation is enabled in AWS for this key.
- **key_source** (String) Source of the key.
- **key_state** (String) Key state.
- **key_type** (String) Key type.
- **key_usage** (String) Specifies the intended use of the key.
- **key_users** (List of String) Key users.
- **kms** (String) Kms name.
- **kms_id** (String) Kms ID
- **labels** (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs associated with the key.
- **local_key_id** (String) CCKM key identifier of the external key.
- **local_key_name** (String) CCKM key name of the external key.
- **multi_region** (Boolean) True if the key is a multi-region key.
- **multi_region_key_type** (String) Indicates if the key is the primary key or a replica key.
- **multi_region_primary_key** (Map of String) Multi-region primary key details.
- **multi_region_replica_keys** (List of Map of String) Multi-region primary key details.
- **origin** (String) Source of the CMK's key material.
- **policy** (String) AWS key policy.
- **replica_policy** (String) Replication policy.
- **replica_tags** (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs to assigned to the key.
- **rotated_at** (String) Time when this key was rotated by a scheduled rotation job.
- **rotated_from** (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID from of the key this key has been rotated from by a scheduled rotation job.
- **rotated_to** (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID which this key has been rotated to by a scheduled rotation job.
- **rotation_status** (String) Rotation status of the key.
- **synced_at** (String) Date the key was synchronized.
- **tags** (Map of String) Key tags.
- **updated_at** (String) Date the key was last updated.
- **valid_to** (String) Date of key material expiry.


