---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_aws_kms_list Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager AWS KMS resources.
  Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list all KMS resources that match the filter. Default is 10 matches.
---

# ciphertrust_aws_kms_list (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager AWS KMS resources.

Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list all KMS resources that match the filter. Default is 10 matches.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs where the 'key' is any of the filters available in CipherTrust Manager's API playground for listing CipherTrust Manager AWS KMS resources.

### Read-Only

- `kms` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kms))
- `matched` (Number) The number of vaults which matched the filters.

<a id="nestedatt--kms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kms`

Optional:

- `assume_role_arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to be assumed.
- `assume_role_external_id` (String) External ID for the role to be assumed. This parameter can be specified only with "assume_role_arn".

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `account_id` (String) ID of the AWS account.
- `acls` (Attributes Set) List of ACLs that have been added to the KMS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kms--acls))
- `application` (String) The application this resource belongs to.
- `arn` (String) Amazon Resource Name.
- `auto_added` (Boolean) True if the KMS was added by a scheduler.
- `aws_connection` (String) CipherTrust Manager resource ID of the connection which manages this account.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `dev_account` (String) The developer account which owns this resource's application.
- `id` (String) The CipherTrust Manager resource ID of this KMS.
- `name` (String) The name given to the KMS.
- `regions` (List of String) AWS regions managed by the KMS.
- `status` (String) The status of the KMS, archived or active.
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time the KMS was last updated
- `uri` (String) CipherTrust Manager's unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--kms--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kms.acls`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Set of String) Permitted actions.
- `group` (String) CipherTrust Manager group.
- `user_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager user ID.
