---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_aws_key Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve the AWS key by id.
---

# ciphertrust_aws_key (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve the AWS key by id.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve details using a terraform resource ID
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_resource_id" {
  id = "ap-south-2\\6fe5ebd3-8f02-4870-ba35-b433f9e0ea7c"
}

# Retrieve details using a CipherTrust key ID
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_key_id" {
  key_id = "77b4acd3-80e4-4270-81b5-11bb13b8053a"
}

# Retrieve details using an AWS key ARN
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_arn" {
  arn = "arn:aws:kms:ap-south-2:999999999999:key/6abfe573-4506-4ce4-8672-3af42f552d42"
}

# Retrieve details using the alias and a region of a key
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "by_alias_and_region" {
  alias  = ["key-name"]
  region = "region"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `alias` (Set of String) Alias(es) of the key. To allow for key rotation changing or removing original aliases, all aliases already assigned to another key will be ignored.
- `arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the key.
- `aws_key_id` (String) AWS key ID.
- `id` (String) Terraform AWS Key resource ID.
- `key_id` (String) CipherTrust Key ID.
- `region` (String) AWS region to which the key belongs.

### Read-Only

- `auto_rotate` (Boolean) Enable AWS autorotation on the key.
- `auto_rotation_period_in_days` (Number) Rotation period in days.
- `aws_account_id` (String) AWS account ID.
- `cloud_name` (String) AWS cloud.
- `created_at` (String) Date the key was created.
- `customer_master_key_spec` (String) Key specification
- `deletion_date` (String) Date the key is scheduled for deletion.
- `description` (String) Description of the AWS key.
- `enable_key` (Boolean) Enable or disable the key.
- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the key is enabled.
- `encryption_algorithms` (List of String) Encryption algorithms of the AWS key.
- `expiration_model` (String) Expiration model.
- `external_accounts` (Set of String) Other AWS accounts that have access to this key.
- `key_admins` (Set of String) Key administrators - users.
- `key_admins_roles` (Set of String) Key administrators - roles.
- `key_manager` (String) Key manager.
- `key_material_origin` (String) Key material origin.
- `key_rotation_enabled` (Boolean) True if rotation is enabled in AWS for this key.
- `key_source` (String) Source of the key.
- `key_state` (String) Key state.
- `key_type` (String) Key type.
- `key_usage` (String) Specifies the intended use of the key.
- `key_users` (Set of String) Key users - users.
- `key_users_roles` (Set of String) Key users - roles.
- `kms` (String) Name or ID of the KMS to be used to create the key.
- `kms_id` (String) ID of the kms
- `labels` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs associated with the key.
- `local_key_id` (String) CipherTrust key identifier of the external key.
- `local_key_name` (String) CipherTrust key name of the external key.
- `multi_region` (Boolean) Creates or identifies a multi-region key.
- `multi_region_key_type` (String) Indicates if the key is the primary key or a replica key.
- `multi_region_primary_key` (Map of String)
- `multi_region_replica_keys` (List of Map of String)
- `next_rotation_date` (String) Date when auto-rotation will happen next.
- `origin` (String) Source of the key material.
- `policy` (String) AWS key policy.
- `policy_template_tag` (Map of String) AWS key tag for an associated policy template.
- `replica_policy` (String) Replication policy.
- `rotated_at` (String) Time when this key was rotated by a scheduled rotation job.
- `rotated_from` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID from of the key this key has been rotated from by a scheduled rotation job.
- `rotated_to` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID which this key has been rotated to by a scheduled rotation job.
- `rotation_status` (String) Rotation status of the key.
- `synced_at` (String) Date the key was synchronized.
- `tags` (Map of String)
- `updated_at` (String) Date the key was last updated.
- `valid_to` (String) Date of key material expiry.


