---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_gcp_key Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_gcp_key (Data Source)

This data-source retrieves details of a [ciphertrust_gcp_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ThalesGroup/ciphertrust/latest/docs/resources/gcp_key) resource.

It's possible to identify the key using a range of fields.


## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve details using the terraform ID
data "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "by_terraform_id" {
  gcp_cloud_resource_name = ciphertrust_gcp_key.gcp_key.id
}

# Retrieve details using the CipherTrust key ID
data "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "by_ciphertrust_id" {
  key_id = ciphertrust_gcp_key.gcp_key.key_id
}

# Retrieve details using the key name
data "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "by_key_name" {
  name = ciphertrust_gcp_key.gcp_key.name
}

# Retrieve details using the key name and the keyring name
data "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "by_multiple_values_ex1" {
  name        = ciphertrust_gcp_key.gcp_key.name
  key_ring    = ciphertrust_gcp_key.gcp_key.key_ring_name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `gcp_cloud_resource_name` (String) Google cloud resource name. Can be used alone to identify the key, all other parameters will be ignored.
- `id` (String) Terraform resource ID. Can be used alone to identify the key, all other parameters will be ignored.
- `key_id` (String) CipherTrust key ID. Can be used alone to identify the key, all other parameters will be ignored.
- `key_ring` (String) Terraform ID of the keyring.
- `key_ring_id` (String) Keyring ID, short keyring name.
- `location_id` (String) Google Cloud location.
- `name` (String) Name of the key.
- `project_id` (String) Google Cloud project ID.

### Read-Only

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm of the next key version.
- `cloud_name` (String) Cloud name.
- `create_status` (String) Key creation status.
- `created_at` (String) Date the key was created.
- `key_labels` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs to assigned to the key.
- `key_ring_name` (String) Google cloud keyring.
- `key_versions` (List of Object) Key version details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_versions))
- `labels` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs associated with the key.
- `next_rotation_time` (String) Time when the key will next be rotated by Google Cloud KMS.
- `primary` (String) Primary version.
- `purpose` (String) Purpose of the key.
- `rotation_period` (String) Frequency at which the Google Cloud key will to be rotated by Google Cloud.
- `updated_at` (String) Date the key was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--key_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_versions`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String)
- `is_primary` (Boolean)
- `local_key_id` (String)
- `local_key_name` (String)
- `public_key` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--key_versions--public_key))
- `version` (Number)
- `version_id` (String)
- `version_state` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--key_versions--public_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_versions.public_key`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `pem` (String)


