---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_get_oci_compartments Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve a list of OCI compartments available to the connection.
---

# ciphertrust_get_oci_compartments (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a list of OCI compartments available to the connection.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ciphertrust_get_oci_compartments" "connection_compartments" {
  # Required parameters
  connection_id = "oci-connection-id-or-name"
  # Optional parameters
  limit         = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager OCI connection name or ID.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) Number of records to return in a paginated 'List' call. It might not return the exact number as the first page might return one more than provided limit because of the inclusion of the root compartment (tenancy).

### Read-Only

- `compartments` (Attributes List) A list of compartments available to the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compartments))

<a id="nestedatt--compartments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compartments`

Read-Only:

- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment's OCID.
- `defined_tags` (Attributes Set) The defined tags of the compartment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--compartments--defined_tags))
- `description` (String) The compartment's description.
- `freeform_tags` (Map of String) The freeform tags of the compartment.
- `id` (String) The compartment's ID.
- `inactive_status` (Number) The detailed status of the INACTIVE lifecycleState.
- `is_accessible` (Boolean) Whether or not the compartment is accessible for the user making the request.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) The compartment's current lifecycle state.
- `name` (String) The compartment's name.
- `time_created` (String) The time the compartment was created.

<a id="nestedatt--compartments--defined_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compartments.defined_tags`

Read-Only:

- `tag` (String)
- `values` (Map of String)
