---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_get_oci_vaults Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve a list of OCI vaults available to the connection in the region and compartment.
---

# ciphertrust_get_oci_vaults (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a list of OCI vaults available to the connection in the region and compartment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ciphertrust_get_oci_vaults" "connection_vaults" {
  # Required parameters
  connection_id  = "oci-connection-id-or-name"
  region         = "oci-region"
  compartment_id = "compartment-ocid"
  # Optional parameters
  limit          = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `compartment_id` (String) Compartment OICD to get vaults from.
- `connection_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager OCI connection name or ID.
- `region` (String) OCI region OICD to get vaults from.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) Number of records to return in a paginated 'List' call. It might not return the exact number as the first page might return one more than provided limit because of the inclusion of the root vault (tenancy).

### Read-Only

- `vaults` (Attributes List) A list of vaults available to the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaults))

<a id="nestedatt--vaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaults`

Read-Only:

- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment's OCID.
- `defined_tags` (Attributes Set) The defined tags of the vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaults--defined_tags))
- `display_name` (String) The vault's name.
- `freeform_tags` (Map of String) The freeform tags of the vault.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) The vault's current lifecycle state.
- `management_endpoint` (String) The vault's management endpoint.
- `time_created` (String) The time the vault was created in OCI.
- `vault_id` (String) The vaults OCID.
- `vault_type` (String) OCI Vault type.

<a id="nestedatt--vaults--defined_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaults.defined_tags`

Read-Only:

- `tag` (String) The vault's defined tags.
- `values` (Map of String) The key:vault pair's associated with the tag.
