---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_oci_vault_list Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager vaults.
  Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list more than 10 matches.
---

# ciphertrust_oci_vault_list (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager vaults.

Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list more than 10 matches.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ciphertrust_oci_vault_list" "ciphertrust_vaults" {
  # Optional parameters
  filters = {
    name = "vault-name"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs where the 'key' is any of the filters available in CipherTrust Manager's API playground for listing CipherTrust Manager OCI vaults.

### Read-Only

- `matched` (Number) The number of vaults which matched the filters.
- `vaults` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaults))

<a id="nestedatt--vaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaults`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `acls` (Attributes Set) List of ACLs that have been added to the vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaults--acls))
- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the OCI bucket.
- `bucket_namespace` (String) Namespace of the OCI bucket.
- `cloud_name` (String) CipherTrust Manager cloud name.
- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment's OCID.
- `compartment_name` (String) Compartment name.
- `connection_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager OCI connection ID or connection name.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `defined_tags` (Attributes Set) The defined tags of the vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vaults--defined_tags))
- `freeform_tags` (Map of String) The freeform tags of the vault.
- `id` (String) The vault's CipherTrust Manager resource ID.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Whether the key belongs to a primary vault or a replica vault.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) The vault's current lifecycle state.
- `management_endpoint` (String) The vault's management endpoint.
- `name` (String) The vault's name.
- `refreshed_at` (String) Date/time the application was refreshed.
- `region` (String) The vault's region.
- `replication_id` (String) The replication ID associated with a vault operation.
- `restored_from_vault_id` (String) OCID of the vault this vault was restored from.
- `tenancy` (String) The tenancy name.
- `time_created` (String) The time the vault was created.
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the application was updated.
- `uri` (String) CipherTrust Manager's unique identifier for the resource.
- `vault_id` (String) The vault's OCID.
- `vault_type` (String) The vault's type.
- `wrappingkey_id` (String) Vault's wrapping key OCID.

<a id="nestedatt--vaults--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaults.acls`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Set of String) Permitted actions.
- `group` (String) CipherTrust Manager group name.
- `user_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager user ID.


<a id="nestedatt--vaults--defined_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vaults.defined_tags`

Read-Only:

- `tag` (String) A tag assigned to the vault.
- `values` (Map of String) The key:value pairs to added to the tag.
