---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_oci_key_version_list Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager key versions.
  Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list more than 10 matches.
---

# ciphertrust_oci_key_version_list (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager key versions.

Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list more than 10 matches.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ciphertrust_oci_key_list" "ciphertrust_keys" {
  # Required parameters
  key_id = "ciphertrust.oci_key.some_key.id"
  # Optional parameters
  filters = {
    limit = "-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID of the key to list versions of.

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs where the 'key' is any of the filters available in CipherTrust Manager's API playground for listing OCI key versions.

### Read-Only

- `matched` (Number) The number of key versions which matched the filters.
- `versions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--versions))

<a id="nestedatt--versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `versions`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `hyok_key_version_params` (Attributes) The attributes are related to external (hyok) keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--versions--hyok_key_version_params))
- `id` (String) The version's CipherTrust Manager resource ID.
- `key_material_origin` (String) CipherTrust Manager origin of the key version's material.
- `oci_key_version_params` (Attributes) OCI key version attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--versions--oci_key_version_params))
- `refreshed_at` (String) Date/time the key was refreshed.
- `source_key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID used to create the version.
- `source_key_name` (String) Name of the key used to create the version.
- `source_key_tier` (String) Source of the key used to create the version.
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the application was updated.
- `uri` (String) CipherTrust Manager's unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--versions--hyok_key_version_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `versions.hyok_key_version_params`

Read-Only:

- `oci_key_id` (String) The key's OCID.
- `partition_id` (String) HSM-Luna partition ID.
- `partition_label` (String) HSM-Luna partition label.
- `state` (String) The current state of the key version.


<a id="nestedatt--versions--oci_key_version_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `versions.oci_key_version_params`

Read-Only:

- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment's OCID.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Whether the key belongs to a primary vault or a replica vault.
- `key_id` (String) The key's OCID.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) The key version's current lifecycle state.
- `origin` (String) CipherTrust Manager origin of the key version's material.
- `public_key` (String) Version's public key.
- `replication_id` (String) The replication ID associated with a key version operation.
- `restored_from_key_version_id` (String) Key version OCID from which this key version was restored.
- `time_created` (String) The time the key version was created.
- `time_of_deletion` (String) The time when the key version will be deleted.
- `vault_id` (String) The vault's OCID.
- `version_id` (String) Version OCID.
