---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_oci_key_list Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager OCI keys.
  Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list more than 10 matches.
---

# ciphertrust_oci_key_list (Data Source)

Use this data source to retrieve a list of CipherTrust Manager OCI keys.

Give a filter of 'limit=-1' to list more than 10 matches.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "ciphertrust_oci_key_list" "ciphertrust_keys" {
  # Optional parameters
  filters = {
    vault_name = "vault-name"
    limit      = "-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs where the 'key' is any of the filters available in CipherTrust Manager's API playground for listing OCI keys.

### Read-Only

- `keys` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys))
- `matched` (Number) The number of keys which matched the filters.

<a id="nestedatt--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `auto_rotate` (Boolean) Whether the key is enabled for auto-rotation.
- `cckm_vault_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager vault ID.
- `cloud_name` (String) CipherTrust Manager cloud name.
- `compartment_name` (String) The compartment's name.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `external_key_params` (Attributes) The attributes are related to external (hyok) keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys--external_key_params))
- `id` (String) The key's CipherTrust Manager resource ID.
- `key_material_origin` (String) CipherTrust Manager origin of the key's material.
- `labels` (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs associated with the key.
- `oci_key_params` (Attributes) OCI key attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys--oci_key_params))
- `refreshed_at` (String) Date/time the key was refreshed.
- `region` (String) The key's region.
- `tenancy` (String) The key's tenancy.
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the application was updated.
- `uri` (String) CipherTrust Manager's unique identifier for the resource.
- `vault_id` (String) The vault's OCID.
- `version_summary` (Attributes List) Key version summary. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys--version_summary))

<a id="nestedatt--keys--external_key_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys.external_key_params`

Read-Only:

- `blocked` (Boolean) Whether the key is blocked or not.
- `linked_state` (Boolean) Whether key is in linked state or not.
- `name` (String) The name of the key.
- `policy` (String) The key's policy
- `state` (String) The key's current state.


<a id="nestedatt--keys--oci_key_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys.oci_key_params`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm used by the key's versions to encrypt or decrypt.
- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment's OCID.
- `current_key_version` (String) The OCID of the key's current version.
- `curve_id` (String) The curve ID of the ECDSA key.
- `defined_tags` (Attributes Set) The defined tags of the key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys--oci_key_params--defined_tags))
- `display_name` (String) The key's name.
- `freeform_tags` (Map of String) The key's freeform tags.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Whether the key belongs to a primary vault or a replica vault.
- `key_id` (String) The key's OCID.
- `length` (Number) The length of the key.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) The key's current lifecycle state.
- `protection_mode` (String) The key's protection mode.
- `replication_id` (String) The replication ID associated with a key operation.
- `restored_from_key_id` (String) The OCID of the key from which this key was restored.
- `time_created` (String) The time the key was created.
- `time_of_deletion` (String) The time when the key will be deleted.
- `vault_name` (String) The vault's name.

<a id="nestedatt--keys--oci_key_params--defined_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys.oci_key_params.defined_tags`

Read-Only:

- `tag` (String) The tag's namespace.
- `values` (Map of String) The key:value pairs associated with the tag.



<a id="nestedatt--keys--version_summary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys.version_summary`

Read-Only:

- `cckm_version_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager version ID.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the version was created in CipherTrust Manager.
- `source_key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager key ID used to create the version.
- `source_key_name` (String) Name of the key used to create the version.
- `source_key_tier` (String) Source of the key used to create the version.
- `version_id` (String) The key version's OCID
