---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_oci_external_vault Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_oci_external_vault (Data Source)

This data-source retrieves details of a [ciphertrust_oci_external_vault](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ThalesGroup/ciphertrust/latest/docs/resources/oci_external_vault) resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get vault details using the CipherTrust key resource ID
data "ciphertrust_oci_external_vault" "by_id" {
  cckm_vault_id = "vault ID"
}

# Get vault details and versions using the vault name
data "ciphertrust_oci_external_vault" "by_name" {
  cckm_vault_name = "vault name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cckm_vault_id` (String) CipherTrust vault ID.
- `cckm_vault_name` (String) CipherTrust Vault name.

### Read-Only

- `acls` (Set of Object) List of ACLs that have been added to the vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acls))
- `blocked` (Boolean) If true, all proxy operations on keys belonging to the vault are blocked.
- `client_application_id` (String) Client ID of the OCI KMS application as registered on third-party IDP.
- `cloud_name` (String) Cloud name.
- `connection_id` (String) OCI connection.
- `created_at` (String) Date and time the vault was created.
- `endpoint_url` (String) External vault endpoint URL.
- `endpoint_url_hostname` (String) Hostname for the OCI external vault endpoint URL. Default value is localhost.
- `endpoint_url_port` (Number) Port-Number for the OCI external vault endpoint URL.
- `external_vault_type` (String) External vault type.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issuer_id` (String) External vault issuer resource ID.
- `linked_state` (Boolean) Linked state of and external vault.
- `meta` (Map of String) Vault metadata.
- `policy` (String) OCI policy for the vault.
- `region` (String) OCI region.
- `state` (String) Vault state.
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time of last update.
- `vault_type` (String) Vault type.

<a id="nestedatt--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acls`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Set of String)
- `group` (String)
- `user_id` (String)
