---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_scheduler Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_scheduler (Data Source)

This data-source retrieves details of a [ciphertrust_scheduler](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/ThalesGroup/ciphertrust/latest/docs/resources/scheduler) resource.

It's possible to identify the scheduler using the scheduler's name or ID.


## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve details using the scheduler's name
data "ciphertrust_scheduler" "scheduler_by_name" {
  name = "Rotation Scheduler"
}

# Retrieve details using the ID of the scheduler
data "ciphertrust_aws_key" "scheduler_by_id" {
  id = "77b4acd3-80e4-4270-81b5-11bb13b8053a"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Job configuration ID.
- `name` (String) Name of the job configuration.

### Read-Only

- `cckm_key_rotation_params` (List of Object) Specifies key rotation parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cckm_key_rotation_params))
- `cckm_synchronization_params` (List of Object) Specifies key synchronization parameters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cckm_synchronization_params))
- `description` (String) Description of the job configuration.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the the job configuration is disabled.
- `end_date` (String) Date the job configuration becomes inactive.
- `operation` (String) Type of operation.
- `run_at` (String) Cron expression indicating when the job will run.
- `run_on` (String) Node on which the job will run.
- `start_date` (String) Date the job configuration becomes active.

<a id="nestedatt--cckm_key_rotation_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cckm_key_rotation_params`

Read-Only:

- `aws_retain_alias` (Boolean)
- `cloud_name` (String)
- `expiration` (String)
- `expire_in` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--cckm_synchronization_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cckm_synchronization_params`

Read-Only:

- `cloud_name` (String)
- `key_rings` (Set of String)
- `key_vaults` (Set of String)
- `kms` (Set of String)
- `synchronize_all` (Boolean)
