---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "CipherTrust Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The CipherTrust provider can be used configure a CipherTrust instance or cluster and subsequently manage cloud resources.
---

# CipherTrust Provider

Use the navigation pane to the left to read about the available Resources and Data Sources.

[Sample scripts](https://github.com/ThalesGroup/terraform-provider-ciphertrust/tree/main/sample-scripts) allow you to easily create CipherTrust Manager resources for your cloud and includes some practical examples of using the CipherTrust provider with other cloud providers.

Refer to the [change log](https://github.com/ThalesGroup/terraform-provider-ciphertrust/blob/main/changelog.md) for changes in this version.

## Supported Clouds

## Public Clouds
- AWS
- Azure
- Google Cloud

## Thales Devices
The following devices can be used to create keys for the above public clouds.
- CipherTrust Manager
- HSM Luna
- DSM

## Provider Initialization

All CipherTrust Provider parameters can be provided in :
 - The provider block of the terraform script
 - A configuration file ~/.ciphertrust/config

CipherTrust address and authentication parameters can be provided as environment variables also.

The following table illustrates which parameters can be provided as environment variables or in the configuration file.

| Provider Parameter   | Environment Variable | Config File | Required  | Default Value              |
|:---------------------|:---------------------|:------------|:----------|:---------------------------|
| address              | CM_ADDRESS           | address     | Yes       | N/A                        |
| username             | CM_USERNAME          | username    | Yes       | N/A                        |
| password             | CM_PASSWORD          | password    | Yes       | N/A                        |
| domain               | CM_DOMAIN            | domain      | No        | Empty string (root domain) |
| auth_domain          | CM_AUTH_DOMAIN       | auth_domain | No        | Empty string (root domain) |
| remaining parameters | no                   | yes         | No        | N/A                        |

The order of precedence when determining the value of a provider parameter: 
1. Provider Block
2. Environment Variable
3. Configuration File

## Provider Block 

### For CipherTrust Manager

To authenticate to and log in to the root domain:
```terraform
provider "ciphertrust" {
  address      = "cm-address"
  username     = "cm-username"
  password     = "cm-password"
}

```
To authenticate to and log in to a domain other than root: 

```terraform
provider "ciphertrust" {
  address      = "cm-address"
  username     = "cm-username"
  password     = "cm-password"
  auth_domain  = "users-auth-domain" 
}
```

To authenticate to a domain but log in to a different domain:

```terraform
provider "ciphertrust" {
  address      = "cm-address"
  username     = "cm-username"
  password     = "cm-password"
  auth_domain  = "users-auth-domain"
  domain       = "a-different-domain"
}
```

### For CipherTrust Data Security Platform as a Service (CDSPaaS)

```terraform
provider "ciphertrust" {
  address     = "cdsp-address"
  username    = "cdsp-tenant-username"
  password    = "cdsp-tenant-password"
  auth_domain = "cdsp-tenant-name"
}
```
## Configuration File

All provider parameters can be read from the configuration file.

The configuration file is ~/.ciphertrust/config. For example:

```terraform
  address = cm-address
  username = cm-username
  password = cm-password
```
If authentication values exist in the configuration file the provider block can be:

```terraform
provider "ciphertrust" {}
 ```

### Environment variables

Some provider parameters can be specified in environment variables. For example:

```bash
export CM_USERNAME=cm-username
export CM_PASSWORD=cm-password
export CM_AUTH_DOMAIN=cm-auth-domain
export CM_DOMAIN=cm-domain
```

If environment variables required for authentication exist the provider block can be:

```terraform
provider "ciphertrust" {}
 ```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **username** (String) Username of a CipherTrust user. username can be set in the provider block, via the CM_USERNAME environment variable or in ~/.ciphertrust/config
- **password** (String, Sensitive) Password of a CipherTrust user. password can be set in the provider block, via the CM_PASSWORD environment variable or in ~/.ciphertrust/config

### Optional

- `address` (String) HTTPS URL of the CipherTrust instance. An address need not be provided when creating a cluster of CipherTrust instances. address can be set in the provider block, via the CM_ADDRESS environment variable or in ~/.ciphertrust/config
- `auth_domain` (String) CipherTrust authentication domain of the user. This is the domain where the user was created. auth_domain can be set in the provider block, via the CM_AUTH_DOMAIN environment variable or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is the empty string (root domain).
- `aws_operation_timeout` (Number) Some AWS key operations, for example, replication, can take some time to complete. This specifies how long to wait for an operation to complete in seconds. aws_operation_timeout can be set in the provider block or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is 480.
- `azure_operation_timeout` (Number) Azure key operations can take time to complete. This specifies how long to wait for an operation to complete in seconds. azure_operation_timeout can be set in the provider block or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is 240.
- `domain` (String) CipherTrust domain to log in to. domain can be set in the provider block, via the CM_DOMAIN environment variable or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is the empty string (root domain).
- `gcp_operation_timeout` (Number) Some Google Cloud operations, for example, schedule destroy, are not synchronous. This specifies how long to wait for an operation to complete in seconds. gcp_operation_timeout can be set in the provider block or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is 120.
- `hsm_operation_timeout` (Number) HSM connection operations are not synchronous. This specifies how long to wait for an operation to complete in seconds. hsm_operation_timeout can be set in the provider block or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is 120.
- `log_file` (String) Log file name. log_file can be set in the provider block or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is ctp.log.
- `log_level` (String) Logging level. log_level can be set in the provider block or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is info. Options: debug, info, warning or error.
- `no_ssl_verify` (Boolean) Set to false to verify the server's certificate chain and host name. no_ssl_verify can be set in the provider block or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is true.
- `rest_api_timeout` (Number) CipherTrust rest api timeout in seconds. rest_api_timeout can be set in the provider block or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. Default is 60.
