---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_scp_connection_list Data Source - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# ciphertrust_scp_connection_list (Data Source)

The SCP data source in this Terraform provider retrieves details of existing Secure Copy Protocol (SCP) connections configured for secure file transfers. It supports filtering based on attributes such as name and host. The data source provides information including authentication method, host details, file paths, and associated labels, allowing integration and management of existing SCP connections in your Terraform configurations.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String)

### Read-Only

- `scp` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scp))

<a id="nestedatt--scp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scp`

Read-Only:

- `auth_method` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `meta` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `password` (String)
- `path_to` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `products` (List of String)
- `protocol` (String)
- `public_key` (String)
- `username` (String)

### Fetch an existing scp connection using `filters`

    data "ciphertrust_scp_connection_list" "example_scp_connection" {
    filters = {
    labels = "env=dev"
        }
    }

This retrieves the SCP connection filtered by the specified labels from the CipherTrust Manager.
Instead of labels, you can also use name,id or similar identifier to fetch the scp connection.

If you didnt pass any filters, then terraform will fetch all the scp connections in the CipherTrust Manager. It work as a List api.


## Run the Example

```bash
terraform init
terraform apply
```

## Destroy Resources

Resources must be destroyed before another sample script using the same cloud is run.

```bash
terraform destroy
```
Run this step even if the apply step fails.
