---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_client_group Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_cte_client_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_type` (String) Cluster type of the ClientGroup, valid values are NON-CLUSTER and HDFS.
- `name` (String) Name of the ClientGroup.

### Optional

- `auth_binaries` (String) Array of authorized binaries in the privilege-filename pair JSON format.
- `client_id` (String) ID of the client to be removed from the client group.
- `client_list` (List of String) List of Client identifier which are to be associated with clientgroup. This identifier can be the Name, ID (a UUIDv4), URI, or slug of the client.
- `client_locked` (Boolean) Is FS Agent locked? Enables locking the configuration of the File System Agent on the client. This will prevent updates to any policies on the client. Default value is false.
- `communication_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the File System communication is enabled.
- `description` (String) Description of ClientGroup.
- `enable_domain_sharing` (Boolean) Whether to enable domain sharing for ClientGroup.
- `enabled_capabilities` (String) Comma-separated agent capabilities which are enabled. Currently only RESIGN for re-signing client settings can be enabled.
- `inherit_attributes` (Boolean) Whether the client should inherit attributes from the ClientGroup.
- `ldt_designated_primary_set` (String) ID of the Designated Primary Set.
- `op_type` (String) Operation specifying weather to remove or add the provided client list to the GroupComm Service being updated.
- `password` (String) User supplied password if password_creation_method is MANUAL. The password MUST be minimum 8 characters and MUST contain one alphabet, one number, and one of the !@#$%^&*(){}[] special characters.
- `password_creation_method` (String) Password creation method, GENERATE or MANUAL.
- `paused` (Boolean) Suspend/resume the rekey operation on an LDT GuardPoint. Set the value to true to pause (suspend) the rekey. Set the value to false to resume rekey.
- `profile_id` (String) ID of the client group profile that is used to schedule custom configuration for logger, logging, and Quality of Service (QoS).
- `re_sign` (Boolean) Whether to re-sign the client settings.
- `shared_domain_list` (List of String) List of domains with which ClientGroup needs to be shared.
- `system_locked` (Boolean) Whether the system is locked. The default value is false. Enable this option to lock the important operating system files of the client. When enabled, patches to the operating system of the client will fail due to the protection of these files.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier of a CTE client group to be generated on successful creation of Client
