---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_policy Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_cte_policy (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the policy.
- `policy_type` (String) Type of the policy. Valid values are - Standard, LDT, IDT, Cloud_Object_Storage, CSI

### Optional

- `data_transform_rules` (Attributes List) Data transformation rules to link with the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_transform_rules))
- `description` (String) Description of the policy.
- `force_restrict_update` (Boolean) To remove restriction of policy for modification.
- `idt_key_rules` (Attributes List) IDT rules to link with the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--idt_key_rules))
- `key_rules` (Attributes List) Key rules to link with the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_rules))
- `ldt_key_rules` (Attributes List) LDT rules to link with the policy. Supported for LDT policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ldt_key_rules))
- `metadata` (Attributes) Restrict policy for modification (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `never_deny` (Boolean) Whether to always allow operations in the policy. By default, it is disabled, that is, operations are not allowed. Supported for Standard, LDT, and Cloud_Object_Storage policies. For Learn Mode activations, never_deny is set to true, by default.
- `security_rules` (Attributes List) Security rules to link with the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_rules))
- `signature_rules` (Attributes List) Security rules to link with the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature_rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--data_transform_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_transform_rules`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) Identifier of the key to link with the rule. Supported fields are name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid, and key_id. Note: For decryption, where a clear key is to be supplied, use the string "clear_key" only. Do not specify any other identifier.
- `key_type` (String) Specify the type of the key. Must be one of name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid or key_id. If not specified, the type of the key is inferred.
- `resource_set_id` (String) ID of the resource set linked with the rule.


<a id="nestedatt--idt_key_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `idt_key_rules`

Optional:

- `current_key` (String) Identifier of the key to link with the rule. Supported fields are name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid, and key_id. Note: For decryption, where a clear key is to be supplied, use the string "clear_key" only. Do not specify any other identifier.
- `current_key_type` (String) Specify the type of the key. Must be one of name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid or key_id. If not specified, the type of the key is inferred.
- `transformation_key` (String) Identifier of the key to link with the rule. Supported fields are name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid, and key_id.
- `transformation_key_type` (String) Specify the type of the key. Must be one of name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid or key_id. If not specified, the type of the key is inferred.


<a id="nestedatt--key_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_rules`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) Identifier of the key to link with the rule. Supported fields are name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid, and key_id. Note: For decryption, where a clear key is to be supplied, use the string "clear_key" only. Do not specify any other identifier.
- `key_type` (String) Specify the type of the key. Must be one of name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid or key_id. If not specified, the type of the key is inferred.
- `resource_set_id` (String) ID of the resource set to link with the rule. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.


<a id="nestedatt--ldt_key_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldt_key_rules`

Optional:

- `current_key` (Attributes) Properties of the current key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ldt_key_rules--current_key))
- `is_exclusion_rule` (Boolean) Whether this is an exclusion rule. If enabled, no need to specify the transformation rule.
- `resource_set_id` (String) ID of the resource set to link with the rule.
- `transformation_key` (Attributes) Properties of the transformation key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ldt_key_rules--transformation_key))

<a id="nestedatt--ldt_key_rules--current_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldt_key_rules.current_key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) Identifier of the key to link with the rule. Supported fields are name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid, and key_id. Note: For decryption, where a clear key is to be supplied, use the string "clear_key" only. Do not specify any other identifier.
- `key_type` (String) Specify the type of the key. Must be one of name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid or key_id. If not specified, the type of the key is inferred.


<a id="nestedatt--ldt_key_rules--transformation_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldt_key_rules.transformation_key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) Identifier of the key to link with the rule. Supported fields are name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid, and key_id. Note: For decryption, where a clear key is to be supplied, use the string "clear_key" only. Do not specify any other identifier.
- `key_type` (String) Specify the type of the key. Must be one of name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid or key_id. If not specified, the type of the key is inferred.



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `restrict_update` (Boolean) To restrict the policy for modification. If its value enabled means user not able to modify the guarded policy.


<a id="nestedatt--security_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_rules`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Actions applicable to the rule. Examples of actions are read, write, all_ops, and key_op.
- `effect` (String) Effects applicable to the rule. Separate multiple effects by commas. The valid values are: permit, deny, audit, applykey
- `exclude_process_set` (Boolean) Process set to exclude. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `exclude_resource_set` (Boolean) Resource set to exclude. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `exclude_user_set` (Boolean) User set to exclude. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `partial_match` (Boolean) Whether to allow partial match operations. By default, it is enabled. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `process_set_id` (String) ID of the process set to link to the policy.
- `resource_set_id` (String) ID of the resource set to link to the policy. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `user_set_id` (String) ID of the user set to link to the policy.


<a id="nestedatt--signature_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature_rules`

Optional:

- `signature_set_id` (String) List of identifiers of signature sets. This identifier can be the Name, ID (a UUIDv4), URI, or slug of the signature set.
