---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_policy_ldtkey_rule Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_cte_policy_ldtkey_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_id` (String) ID of the parent policy in which LDT Key Rule need to be added

### Optional

- `order_number` (Number) Precedence order of the rule in the parent policy.
- `rule` (Attributes List) LDT Key rule to be updated in the parent policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))

### Read-Only

- `rule_id` (String) ID of the LDT Key Rule created in the parent policy

<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Optional:

- `current_key` (Attributes) Properties of the current key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--current_key))
- `is_exclusion_rule` (Boolean) Whether this is an exclusion rule. If enabled, no need to specify the transformation rule.
- `resource_set_id` (String) ID of the resource set to link with the rule.
- `transformation_key` (Attributes) Properties of the transformation key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule--transformation_key))

<a id="nestedatt--rule--current_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.current_key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) Identifier of the key to link with the rule. Supported fields are name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid, and key_id. Note: For decryption, where a clear key is to be supplied, use the string "clear_key" only. Do not specify any other identifier.
- `key_type` (String) Specify the type of the key. Must be one of name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid or key_id. If not specified, the type of the key is inferred.


<a id="nestedatt--rule--transformation_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.transformation_key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String) Identifier of the key to link with the rule. Supported fields are name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid, and key_id. Note: For decryption, where a clear key is to be supplied, use the string "clear_key" only. Do not specify any other identifier.
- `key_type` (String) Specify the type of the key. Must be one of name, id, slug, alias, uri, uuid, muid or key_id. If not specified, the type of the key is inferred.
