---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_signature_set Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A signature set is a collection of hashes of processes and executables that you want to grant or deny access to GuardPoints. A signature set can be configured in a policy as part of a process set to verify the integrity of a process before it is allowed access to guarded data. Policies are applied to signature sets, not to individual signatures.
  Note:
  K8 resources supported are: Pods, Deployment, ReplicaSet, StatefulSets, DaemonSet
---

# ciphertrust_cte_signature_set (Resource)

A signature set is a collection of hashes of processes and executables that you want to grant or deny access to GuardPoints. A signature set can be configured in a policy as part of a process set to verify the integrity of a process before it is allowed access to guarded data. Policies are applied to signature sets, not to individual signatures. 
Note:
K8 resources supported are: Pods, Deployment, ReplicaSet, StatefulSets, DaemonSet



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the signature set.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the signature set.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key/value pairs used to group resources. They are based on Kubernetes Labels, see https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/. To add a label, set the label's value as follows.
"labels": {
	"key1": "value1",
	"key2": "value2"
}
- `source_list` (List of String) Path of the directory or file to be signed. If a directory is specified, all files in the directory and its subdirectories are signed.
- `type` (String) Type of the signature set. The valid values are Application and Container-Image. The default value is Application.

### Read-Only

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `application` (String) The application this resource belongs to.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `dev_account` (String) The developer account which owns this resource's application.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the application was updated
- `uri` (String) A human readable unique identifier of the resource
