---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_resource_set Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A resource is a combination of a directory, a file, and patterns or special variables. A resource set is a named collection of directories, files, or both, that a user or process will be permitted or denied access to.
---

# ciphertrust_cte_resource_set (Resource)

A resource is a combination of a directory, a file, and patterns or special variables. A resource set is a named collection of directories, files, or both, that a user or process will be permitted or denied access to.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the resource set.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the resource set.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key/value pairs used to group resources. They are based on Kubernetes Labels, see https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/. To add a label, set the label's value as follows.
"labels": {
	"key1": "value1",
	"key2": "value2"
}
- `resources` (Attributes List) List of resources to be added to the resource set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `type` (String) Type of the resource set. The valid options is Directory. The default value is Directory.

### Read-Only

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `application` (String) The application this resource belongs to.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `dev_account` (String) The developer account which owns this resource's application.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the application was updated
- `uri` (String) A human readable unique identifier of the resource

<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Optional:

- `directory` (String) Directory of the resource to be added to the resource set.
- `file` (String) File name of the resource to be added to the resource set.
- `hdfs` (Boolean) Whether the specified path is a HDFS path.
- `include_subfolders` (Boolean) Whether to include subfolders to the resource.
