---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_policies Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_cte_policies (Resource)

This resource is used to create CTE policies which can be used to add a guardpoint on CTE client. A policy is a collection of rules that govern data access and encryption. Think of a policy as an if-then statement. Policy rules are processed sequentially. If the criteria of rule one are not met, the policy enforcement engine moves on to the second rule and so on.

This resource is applicable to CipherTrust Manager only.

Policies specify:
    Actors:             Users, groups, and processes that are permitted/denied access to protected data.
    Actions:            What actions authorized actors are allowed to perform. For example create/delete, read/write, decrypt, modify permissions, and so on.
    Files acted upon:   Policy rules may apply to entire directories and mount points, or only to files named in a specific way (for example,.docx files may be encrypted and restricted to read‐only access by designated users, while other files may be stored clear and read and written by anyone).

Types of Policies:
    STANDARD POLICY:
    A STANDARD policy should contain security rules and/or key rules. At least one of these rules must be added to the standard policy. The security rules define the access permissions based on the policy elements (user sets, resource set, and process sets). The key rules define what key is used for encryption and decryption of data.
            
    LIVE DATA TRANSFORMATION(LDT) POLICY:
    An LDT policy should contain at least one non-exclusion key rule. The security rules define the access permissions based on the policy elements (user sets, resource set, and process sets).An LDT policy has two sets of keys, one is the current key and the other is transformation key.

       - Current key: The key with which the data is encrypted before any transformation. If the data is in plaintext, then the current key should be set as "clear_key".

       - Transformation key: The key with which the data is to be encrypted. This key must be VERSIONED so that multiple key versions can be created as and when required.

    CLOUD OBJECT STORAGE(COS) POLICY:
    A COS policy should contain security rules and/or key rules. At least one of these rules must be added to the COS policy. The security rules define the access permissions based on the policy elements (user sets, resource set, and process sets). The key rules define what key is used for encryption and decryption of data.    
        *NOTE*: COS policies support the "CBC_CS1" keys only.

    In-PLACE DATA TRANSFORMATION(IDT) POLICY:
    An IDT policy should contain security rules and/or key rules. At least one of these rules must be added to the standard policy. The security rules define the access permissions based on the policy elements (user sets, resource set, and process sets). The key rules define what key is used for encryption and decryption of data.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description of policy
- `name` (String) This is the name of the policy.
- `type` (String) Type of policy

### Optional

- `data_transform_rules` (Block List) Policy data transform rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_transform_rules))
- `idt_key_rules` (Block List) Policy IDT key rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--idt_key_rules))
- `key_combine_algorithm` (String) Key combine algorithm
- `key_rules` (Block List) Policy key rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--key_rules))
- `ldt_key_rules` (Block List) Policy LDT key rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ldt_key_rules))
- `never_deny` (Boolean) Never deny
- `permit_combine_algorithm` (String) Permit combine algorithm
- `policy_key_version` (Number) Policy key version
- `policy_version` (Number) Policy Version
- `schema_version` (Number) Schema version
- `security_rules` (Block List) Policy security rules (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--security_rules))
- `updated_by` (String) Updated By

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--data_transform_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_transform_rules`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String)
- `key_type` (String)
- `order_number` (Number)
- `policy_id` (String)
- `resource_set_id` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--idt_key_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `idt_key_rules`

Optional:

- `current_key` (String)
- `current_key_type` (String)
- `resource_set_id` (String)
- `transformation_key` (String)
- `transformation_key_type` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--key_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_rules`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String)
- `key_type` (String)
- `order_number` (Number)
- `policy_id` (String)
- `resource_set_id` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--ldt_key_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldt_key_rules`

Optional:

- `current_key` (Block List) Current key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ldt_key_rules--current_key))
- `is_exclusion_rule` (Boolean)
- `order_number` (Number)
- `resource_set_id` (String)
- `transformation_key` (Block List) Transformation key (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ldt_key_rules--transformation_key))

<a id="nestedblock--ldt_key_rules--current_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldt_key_rules.current_key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String)
- `key_type` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--ldt_key_rules--transformation_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldt_key_rules.transformation_key`

Optional:

- `key_id` (String)
- `key_type` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--security_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_rules`

Optional:

- `action` (String)
- `effect` (String)
- `exclude_process_set` (Boolean)
- `exclude_resource_set` (Boolean)
- `exclude_user_set` (Boolean)
- `generation` (String)
- `order_number` (Number)
- `partial_match` (Boolean)
- `policy_id` (String)
- `process_set_id` (String)
- `process_signed` (String)
- `resource_set_id` (String)
- `user_set_id` (String)


