---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_policy_security_rule Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_cte_policy_security_rule (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `policy_id` (String) ID of the parent policy in which Security Rule need to be added

### Optional

- `order_number` (Number) Precedence order of the rule in the parent policy.
- `rule` (Attributes) Security Rule to be updated in the parent policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule))

### Read-Only

- `rule_id` (String) ID of the Security Rule created in the parent policy

<a id="nestedatt--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Actions applicable to the rule. Examples of actions are read, write, all_ops, and key_op.
- `effect` (String) Effects applicable to the rule. Separate multiple effects by commas. The valid values are: permit, deny, audit, applykey
- `exclude_process_set` (Boolean) Process set to exclude. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `exclude_resource_set` (Boolean) Resource set to exclude. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `exclude_user_set` (Boolean) User set to exclude. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `partial_match` (Boolean) Whether to allow partial match operations. By default, it is enabled. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `process_set_id` (String) ID of the process set to link to the policy.
- `resource_set_id` (String) ID of the resource set to link to the policy. Supported for Standard, LDT and IDT policies.
- `user_set_id` (String) ID of the user set to link to the policy.
