---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_guardpoint Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_cte_guardpoint (Resource)

This resource is used to create a CTE GuardPoint on a CTE Client. A GuardPoint specifies the list of folders that contains paths to be protected. Access to files and encryption of files under the GuardPoint is controlled by security policies.

A user can apply GuardPoint on specific path on a selected file server. It can be either on a directory, or on a raw device, it can be a applied on a cloud storage, and all these options will be driven by the "gp_type" parameter.

This resource is applicable to CipherTrust Manager only.


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) IP Address/hostname/ID of client.
- `gp_type` (String) Type of Guardpoint.
- `guard_enabled` (Boolean) Guard Enabled
- `guard_paths` (List of String) List of GP paths
- `policy_id` (String) ID of the policy applied with this GuardPoint.

### Optional

- `automount_enabled` (Boolean) Whether automount is enabled with the GuardPoint. Supported for Standard and LDT policies.
- `cifs_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable CIFS. Available on LDT enabled windows clients only. The default value is false. If you enable the setting, it cannot be disabled.
- `data_classification_enabled` (Boolean) Whether data classification (tagging) is enabled.
- `data_lineage_enabled` (Boolean) Whether data lineage (tracking) is enabled. Enabled only if data classification is enabled. Supported for Standard and LDT policies.
- `disk_group_name` (String) Name of the disk group if the selected raw partition is a member of an Oracle ASM disk group.
- `disk_name` (String) Name of the disk if the selected raw partition is a member of an Oracle ASM disk group.
- `docker_cont_id` (String) Docker container ID
- `docker_img_id` (String) Docker image ID
- `is_esg_capable_device` (Boolean) Whether the device where GuardPoint is applied is ESG capable or not.
- `is_idt_capable_device` (Boolean) Whether the device where GuardPoint is applied is IDT capable or not. Supported for IDT policies.
- `mfa_enabled` (Boolean) MFA enabled

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


