---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_cte_profile Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_cte_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) This is the name of the  profile.

### Optional

- `cache_settings` (Block List) (Updateable) Cache settings for the server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cache_settings))
- `client_logging_configuration` (Block List) (Updateable) Logger configurations for all services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--client_logging_configuration))
- `concise_logging` (Boolean) (Updateable) Whether to allow concise logging.
- `connect_timeout` (Number) (Updateable) Connect timeout in seconds. Valid values are 5 to 150.
- `description` (String) (Updateable) This is the description of the  profile.
- `duplicate_settings` (Block List) (Updateable) Duplicate setting parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--duplicate_settings))
- `file_settings` (Block List) (Updateable) File settings for the profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--file_settings))
- `ldt_qos_cap_cpu_allocation` (Boolean) (Updateable) Whether to allow CPU allocation for Quality of Service (QoS) capabilities.
- `ldt_qos_cpu_percent` (Number) (Updateable) CPU application percentage if ldt_qos_cap_cpu_allocation is true. Valid values are 0 to 100.
- `ldt_qos_rekey_option` (String) (Updateable) Rekey option and applicable options are RekeyRate and CPU.
- `ldt_qos_rekey_rate` (Number) (Updateable) Rekey rate in terms of MB/s. Valid values are 0 to 32767.
- `ldt_qos_schedule` (String) (Updateable) Type of QoS schedule. Valid values are: CUSTOM CUSTOM_WITH_OVERWRITE ANY_TIME WEEKNIGHTS WEEKENDS.
- `ldt_qos_status_check_rate` (Number) (Updateable) Frequency to check and update the LDT status on the CipherTrust Manager. The valid value ranges from 600 to 86400 seconds. The default value is 3600 seconds.
- `metadata_scan_interval` (Number) (Updateable) Time interval in seconds to scan files under the GuardPoint. The default value is 600.
- `mfa_exempt_user_set_id` (String) (Updateable) ID of the user set to be exempted from MFA. MFA will not be enforced on the users of this set.
- `oidc_connection_id` (String) (Updateable) ID of the OIDC connection.
- `qos_schedules` (Block List) (Updateable) Schedule of QoS capabilities. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--qos_schedules))
- `rwp_operation` (String) (Updateable) Applicable to the Ransomware clients only. The valid values are permit(for Audit) and deny(for Block). The default value is permit.
- `rwp_process_set` (String) (Updateable) ID of the process set to be whitelisted.
- `server_settings` (Block List) (Updateable) Server configuration of cluster nodes. These settings are allowed only in cluster environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server_settings))
- `syslog_settings` (Block List) (Updateable) Parameters to configure the Syslog server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--syslog_settings))
- `upload_settings` (Block List) (Updateable) Configure log upload to the URL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upload_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--cache_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cache_settings`

Optional:

- `max_files` (Number) (Updateable) Maximum number of files. Minimum values is 200.
- `max_space` (Number) (Updateable) Max Space. Minimum values is 100 MB.


<a id="nestedblock--client_logging_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_logging_configuration`

Optional:

- `duplicates` (String) (Updateable) Control duplicate entries, ALLOW or SUPPRESS.
- `file_enabled` (Boolean) (Updateable) Whether to enable file upload.
- `syslog_enabled` (Boolean) (Updateable) Whether to enable support for the Syslog server.
- `threshold` (String) (Updateable) Applicable file threshold. Valid values are: DEBUG INFO WARN ERROR FATAL.
- `upload_enabled` (Boolean) (Updateable) Whether to enable log upload to the URL.


<a id="nestedblock--duplicate_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `duplicate_settings`

Optional:

- `suppress_interval` (Number) (Updateable) Suppress interval in seconds. Valid values are 1 to 1000.
- `suppress_threshold` (Number) (Updateable) Suppress threshold. Valid values are 1 to 100.


<a id="nestedblock--file_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `file_settings`

Optional:

- `allow_purge` (Boolean) (Updateable) Allow purge(true or false).
- `file_threshold` (String) (Updateable) Applicable file threshold. Valid values are: DEBUG INFO WARN ERROR FATAL.
- `max_file_size` (Number) (Updateable) Maximum file size(bytes) 1,000 - 1,000,000,000 (1KB to 1GB).
- `max_old_files` (Number) (Updateable) Maximum number of old files allowed. Valid values are 1 to 100.


<a id="nestedblock--qos_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `qos_schedules`

Optional:

- `end_time_hour` (Number) (Updateable) QoS end hour. Valid values are 1 to 23.
- `end_time_min` (Number) (Updateable) QoS end hour. Valid values are 1 to 59.
- `end_weekday` (String) (Updateable) QoS end day. Valid values are: Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday.
- `start_time_hour` (Number) (Updateable) QoS start hour. Valid values are 1 to 23.
- `start_time_min` (Number) (Updateable) QoS start hour. Valid values are 1 to 59.
- `start_weekday` (String) (Updateable) QoS start day. Valid values are: Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday. 


<a id="nestedblock--server_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_settings`

Optional:

- `hostname` (String) (Updateable) Host name of the cluster node.
- `priority` (Number) (Updateable) Priority of the cluster node. Valid values are 1 to 100.


<a id="nestedblock--syslog_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `syslog_settings`

Optional:

- `local` (Boolean) (Updateable) Whether the Syslog server is local.
- `servers` (Block List) (Updateable) Configuration of the Syslog server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--syslog_settings--servers))
- `syslog_threshold` (String) (Updateable) Applicable file threshold. Valid values are: DEBUG INFO WARN ERROR FATAL.

<a id="nestedblock--syslog_settings--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `syslog_settings.servers`

Required:

- `name` (String) (Updateable) Name of the Syslog server.

Optional:

- `cacertificate` (String) (Updateable) CA certificate for syslog application provided by the client.
- `certificate` (String) (Updateable) Client certificate for syslog application provided by the client
- `message_format` (String) (Updateable) Format of the message on the Syslog server. Valid values are: CEF LEEF RFC5424 PLAIN
- `port` (Number) (Updateable) Port for syslog server. Valid values are 1 to 65535.
- `privatekey` (String) (Updateable) Client certificate for syslog application provided by the client.
- `protocol` (String) (Updateable) Protocol of the Syslog server, TCP, UDP and TLS.



<a id="nestedblock--upload_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upload_settings`

Optional:

- `connection_timeout` (Number) (Updateable) Connection timeout value. Valid value are from 1 to 60.
- `drop_if_busy` (Boolean) (Updateable) Whether to drop the log upload if the server is busy.
- `job_completion_timeout` (Number) (Updateable) Job completion timeout value. Valid values are 1 to 900.
- `max_interval` (Number) (Updateable) Maximum interval value. Valid values are 1 to 120.
- `max_messages` (Number) (Updateable) Maximum number of messages allowed. Valid values are 100 to 10000.
- `min_interval` (Number) (Updateable) Minimum interval value. Valid values are 1 to 30.
- `upload_threshold` (String) (Updateable) Applicable file threshold. Valid values are: DEBUG INFO WARN ERROR FATAL.
- `url` (String) (Updateable) URL for log file/directory.Ex: /logupload.
