---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_gcp_key Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_gcp_key (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Basic create key usage

resource "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "gcp_key" {
  algorithm = "RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA512"
  key_ring  = ciphertrust_gcp_keyring.gcp_keyring.id
  name      = "gcp_key_name"
}

# Upload a CipherTrust CM key to Google Cloud

resource "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "gcp_key" {
  algorithm          = "GOOGLE_SYMMETRIC_ENCRYPTION"
  key_ring           = ciphertrust_gcp_keyring.gcp_keyring.id
  name               = "key_name"
  upload_key {
    source_key_identifier = ciphertrust_cm_key.cm_key.id
  }
}

# Create a key and add a new native version

resource "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "gcp_key" {
  # Versions can be added on create or update
  add_version {
    is_native       = true
  }
  algorithm = "RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA256"
  key_ring  = ciphertrust_gcp_keyring.gcp_keyring.id
  name      = "key_name"
}

# Create a key and add a new version using Hsm-Luna as the key source

resource "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "gcp_key" {
  # Versions can be added on create or update
  add_version {
    is_native       = false
    algorithm       = "RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_2048_SHA256"
    source_key_id   = ciphertrust_hsm_key.hsm_key.private_key_id
    source_key_tier = "hsm-luna"
  }
  algorithm = "RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA256"
  key_ring  = ciphertrust_gcp_keyring.gcp_keyring.id
  name      = "key_name"
}

# Schedule key rotation using CipherTrust Manager as the key source

resource "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "gcp_key" {
  algorithm = "GOOGLE_SYMMETRIC_ENCRYPTION"
  # Rotation can be enabled on create or update
  enable_rotation {
    algorithm     = "GOOGLE_SYMMETRIC_ENCRYPTION"
    job_config_id = ciphertrust_scheduler.scheduled_rotation_job.id
    key_source    = "ciphertrust"
  }
  key_ring         = ciphertrust_gcp_keyring.gcp_keyring.id
  name             = "key_name"
}

# Schedule key rotation by Google Cloud (symmetric keys only)

resource "ciphertrust_gcp_key" "gcp_key" {
  algorithm = "GOOGLE_SYMMETRIC_ENCRYPTION"
  key_ring  = ciphertrust_gcp_keyring.gcp_keyring.id
  name               = key_name
  # Can be specified on update or create
  next_rotation_time = "2022-07-31T17:18:37.085Z"
  rotation_period    = "360005s"
 }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **algorithm** (String) Algorithm of the next key versions. Options: RSA_SIGN_PSS_2048_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_3072_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_4096_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_4096_SHA512, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_2048_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_3072_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_4096_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_4096_SHA512, EC_SIGN_P256_SHA256, EC_SIGN_P384_SHA384, EC_SIGN_SECP256K1_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_2048_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_3072_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA512 and GOOGLE_SYMMETRIC_ENCRYPTION. Can be updated for asymmetric keys. EC_SIGN_SECP256K1_SHA256 is only valid if protection_level is HSM.
- **key_ring** (String) Terraform ID of the key ring on which to create the key.
- **name** (String) Name of the key.

### Optional

- **add_version** (Block List) Add versions to the Google Cloud key. Versions can be added during create or update. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--add_version))
- **disable_all_versions** (Boolean) Disable all key versions. All versions can be disabled on create or update.
- **disable_versions** (Set of String) A list of version ID's to disable. Versions that don't exist or are not enabled are ignored.
- **enable_all_versions** (Boolean) Enable all key versions.
- **enable_rotation** (Block List, Max: 1) Enable the key for scheduled rotation job. Rotation can be enabled on create or update. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--enable_rotation))
- **enable_versions** (Set of String) A list of version ID's to enable. Versions that don't exist or are not disabled are ignored.
- **key_labels** (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs to assign to the Google Cloud key. Keys and values can contain only lowercase letters,  numeric characters, underscores, and dashes.
- **next_rotation_time** (String) Time when the key will next be rotated by Google Cloud KMS. Can only be applied to symmetric keys. Must be formatted as per RFC3339. For example, 2022-07-31T17:18:37Z.
- **primary_version** (Number) Update the primary version. Valid for symmetric keys only.
- **protection_level** (String) Protection level of the key. Options: SOFTWARE, HSM.
- **purpose** (String) Purpose of the key. Options: ENCRYPT_DECRYPT, ASYMMETRIC_SIGN, ASYMMETRIC_DECRYPT.
- **rotation_period** (String) Frequency at which the Google Cloud key will to be rotated by Google Cloud. Can only be applied to symmetric keys. Must be formatted as a duration in seconds terminated by 's'. For example, 360000s.
- **upload_key** (Block List, Max: 1) Key upload details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--upload_key))

### Read-Only

- **cloud_name** (String) Cloud name.
- **create_status** (String) Key creation status.
- **created_at** (String) Date the key was created.
- **gcp_cloud_resource_name** (String) Google cloud resource name.
- **gone** (Boolean) True if the key is not managed by the connection.
- **id** (String) Google cloud resource ID.
- **key_id** (String) CipherTrust key ID.
- **key_ring_id** (String) Google cloud key ring ID.
- **key_ring_name** (String) Google cloud key ring name.
- **key_versions** (List of Object) Key version details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--key_versions))
- **labels** (Map of String) A list of key:value pairs associated with the key.
- **location_id** (String) Location ID.
- **primary** (String) Primary version.
- **project_id** (String) Google Cloud project ID.
- **updated_at** (String) Date the key was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--add_version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_version`

Required:

- **is_native** (Boolean) Google Cloud will create the new version using the algorithm of the key.

Optional:

- **algorithm** (String) Algorithm of the version. Not valid if is_native is true. Options: RSA_SIGN_PSS_2048_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_3072_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_4096_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_4096_SHA512, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_2048_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_3072_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_4096_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_4096_SHA512, EC_SIGN_P256_SHA256, EC_SIGN_P384_SHA384, EC_SIGN_SECP256K1_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_2048_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_3072_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA512 and GOOGLE_SYMMETRIC_ENCRYPTION. EC_SIGN_SECP256K1_SHA256 is only valid if protection_level is HSM.
- **source_key_id** (String) DSM, HSM or CipherTrust key ID. Not required if is_native is true.
- **source_key_tier** (String) Source of the key. Options: local, dsm and hsm-luna. Not required if is_native is true.


<a id="nestedblock--enable_rotation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `enable_rotation`

Required:

- **job_config_id** (String) ID of the scheduler job that will perform key rotation.
- **key_source** (String) Source of the key material. Options: native, ciphertrust, dsm and hsm-luna.

Optional:

- **algorithm** (String) Algorithm of the rotated key. Not valid if key_source is native.  Options: RSA_SIGN_PSS_2048_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_3072_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_4096_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PSS_4096_SHA512, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_2048_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_3072_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_4096_SHA256, RSA_SIGN_PKCS1_4096_SHA512, EC_SIGN_P256_SHA256, EC_SIGN_P384_SHA384, EC_SIGN_SECP256K1_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_2048_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_3072_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA256, RSA_DECRYPT_OAEP_4096_SHA512 and GOOGLE_SYMMETRIC_ENCRYPTION. EC_SIGN_SECP256K1_SHA256 is only valid if protection_level is HSM.
- **dsm_domain_id** (String) ID of the domain in which DSM keys will be created.
- **hsm_partition_id** (String) ID of the partition in which HSM keys will be created.


<a id="nestedblock--upload_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upload_key`

Required:

- **source_key_identifier** (String) DSM, HSM or CipherTrust key ID.

Optional:

- **source_key_tier** (String) Source of the key. Options: local, dsm and hsm-luna. Default is local.


<a id="nestedatt--key_versions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_versions`

Read-Only:

- **algorithm** (String)
- **is_primary** (Boolean)
- **local_key_id** (String)
- **local_key_name** (String)
- **public_key** (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--key_versions--public_key))
- **version** (Number)
- **version_id** (String)
- **version_state** (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--key_versions--public_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `key_versions.public_key`

Read-Only:

- **algorithm** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **pem** (String)


