---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_ldap_connection Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_ldap_connection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `base_dn` (String) Starting point to use when searching for users.
- `bind_password` (String) Password for the Bind DN object of the LDAP connection.
- `bind_dn` (String) Starting point to use when searching for users.
- `group_base_dn` (String) Starting point to use when searching for groups. This value can be left empty to disable group support for this connection.
- `group_filter` (String) Search filter for listing groups. Searching with this filter should only return groups. This value can be left empty to disable group support for this connection.
- `group_member_field` (String) Attribute inside the group object which contains group membership information, basically which users are members of the group. This value can be left empty to disable group support for this connection.
- `group_name_attribute` (String) Attribute inside the group object which contains the friendly name of the group.
- `name` (String) Unique connection name
- `search_filter` (String) LDAP search filter which can further restrict the set of users who will be allowed to log in.
- `url` (String) url for the connection.
- `user_login_attribute` (String) Attribute inside the user object which contains the username used to login with.

### Optional

- `description` (String) This is the description of the Ldap connection name.
- `group_id_attribute` (String) Attribute inside the group object which contains group membership information, basically which users are members of the group. This value can be left empty to disable group support for this connection.
- `password` (String) Password that authenticates the username.
- `products` (List of String) Array of the CipherTrust products associated with the Ldap connection.
- `user_dn_attribute` (String) Attribute inside the user object which contains the user distingushed name. If user_dn_attribute is not provided, it will default to 'dn'.
- `username` (String) Username to test the connection with.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
