---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_oci_key_version Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to create and manage native OCI key versions in CipherTrust Manager.
  Import an Existing Native Key Version
  To import an existing native key version, first define a resource with
  required values matching the existing version's values then run the terraform import command specifying
  the key's CipherTrust Manager resource ID and the version's CipherTrust Manager resource ID separated by a colon on the command line.
  For example: terraform import ciphertrust_oci_version.imported_key_version f9fc3532-6a75-423d-9c04-5c802384acd5:5c2da105-99cf-4c6a-9f7c-2199783cc759.
---

# ciphertrust_oci_key_version (Resource)

Use this resource to create and manage native OCI key versions in CipherTrust Manager.
### Import an Existing Native Key Version

To import an existing native key version, first define a resource with
required values matching the existing version's values then run the terraform import command specifying
the key's CipherTrust Manager resource ID and the version's CipherTrust Manager resource ID separated by a colon on the command line.

For example: `terraform import ciphertrust_oci_version.imported_key_version f9fc3532-6a75-423d-9c04-5c802384acd5:5c2da105-99cf-4c6a-9f7c-2199783cc759`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Add a native key version to a native OCI key
resource "ciphertrust_oci_byok_key_version" "byok_version_0" {
  # Required parameters
  cckm_key_id = ciphertrust_oci_key.test_key.id
  # Optional parameters
  schedule_for_deletion_days = 14
}

# Add a native key version to a BYOK OCI key
resource "ciphertrust_oci_byok_key_version" "byok_version_0" {
  cckm_key_id = ciphertrust_oci_byok_key.test_key.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cckm_key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager Key ID.

### Optional

- `schedule_for_deletion_days` (Number) (Updatable) Waiting period after the key is destroyed before the key is deleted. Only relevant when the resource is destroyed. Default is 7.

### Read-Only

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `cloud_name` (String) CipherTrust Manager cloud name.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `id` (String) The version's CipherTrust Manager resource ID.
- `key_material_origin` (String) CipherTrust Manager origin of the key's material.
- `oci_key_version_params` (Attributes) OCI key attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oci_key_version_params))
- `refreshed_at` (String) Date/time the key was refreshed.
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the application was updated.
- `uri` (String) CipherTrust Manager's unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--oci_key_version_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oci_key_version_params`

Read-Only:

- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment's OCID.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Whether the key belongs to a primary vault or a replica vault.
- `key_id` (String) The key's OCID.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) The key version's current lifecycle state.
- `origin` (String) Origin of the version's key material.
- `public_key` (String) Version's public key.
- `replication_id` (String) The replication ID associated with a key version operation.
- `restored_from_key_version_id` (String) Key version OCID from which this key version was restored.
- `time_created` (String) The time the key version was created.
- `time_of_deletion` (String) The time when the key version will be deleted.
- `vault_id` (String) OCI Vault OCID.
- `version_id` (String) OCI version ID
