---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_oci_connection Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The APIs in this section deal with connections to the OCI cloud. The following operations can be performed:
  Create/Delete/Get/Update an OCI connection.
---

# ciphertrust_oci_connection (Resource)

The APIs in this section deal with connections to the OCI cloud. The following operations can be performed:
* Create/Delete/Get/Update an OCI connection.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key_file` (String) Path to or data of the OCI private key file (PEM format).
- `name` (String) Unique connection name
- `pub_key_fingerprint` (String) Fingerprint of the public key added to the OCI user.
- `region` (String) OCI connection region.
- `tenancy_ocid` (String) Tenant OCID.
- `user_ocid` (String) User OCID.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description about the connection. Once set, 'description' can be changed but not removed.
- `key_file_pass_phrase` (String) Passphrase if the OCI key file is encrypted.
- `meta` (Map of String) Optional end-user or service data stored with the connection. Once set, 'meta' can be changed but not removed.",
- `products` (List of String) Array of the CipherTrust products to associate with the connection. Default is 'cckm'
- `skip_connection_params_test` (Boolean) Set to true to skip connection parameter test.

### Read-Only

- `account` (String)
- `category` (String)
- `created_at` (String) Date and time the connection was created.
- `id` (String) CipherTrust Manager resource ID of the connection.
- `last_connection_at` (String)
- `last_connection_error` (String)
- `last_connection_ok` (Boolean)
- `resource_url` (String)
- `service` (String)
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time of last update.
- `uri` (String)
