---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_oci_byok_key_version Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to create and manage OCI BYOK key versions in CipherTrust Manager.
  First create a source key in one of the supported source key tiers then specify the source key tier and ID of the key.
  Import an Existing BYOK Key Version
  To import an existing BYOK key version, first define a resource with
  required values matching the existing version's values then run the terraform import command specifying
  the key's CipherTrust Manager resource ID and the version's CipherTrust Manager resource ID separated by a colon on the command line.
  For example: terraform import ciphertrust_oci_byok_version.imported_key_version d5f40cfe-eaa0-4657-9862-ba3982a0e2be:013b3896-4a83-4592-8c81-b6acb6a6ef38.
---

# ciphertrust_oci_byok_key_version (Resource)

Use this resource to create and manage OCI BYOK key versions in CipherTrust Manager.
First create a source key in one of the supported source key tiers then specify the source key tier and ID of the key.

### Import an Existing BYOK Key Version

To import an existing BYOK key version, first define a resource with
required values matching the existing version's values then run the terraform import command specifying
the key's CipherTrust Manager resource ID and the version's CipherTrust Manager resource ID separated by a colon on the command line.

For example: `terraform import ciphertrust_oci_byok_version.imported_key_version d5f40cfe-eaa0-4657-9862-ba3982a0e2be:013b3896-4a83-4592-8c81-b6acb6a6ef38`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ciphertrust_cm_key" "cm_key_version" {
  name       = "test-key-name"
  algorithm  = "AES"
  usage_mask = 60
}

# Add a BYOK key version to a native OCI key
resource "ciphertrust_oci_byok_key_version" "byok_version_0" {
  # Required parameters
  cckm_key_id                = ciphertrust_oci_key.test_key.id
  source_key_id              = ciphertrust_cm_key.cm_key_version.id
  # Optional parameters
  schedule_for_deletion_days = 14
  source_key_tier            = "local"
}

# Add a BYOK key version to a BYOK OCI key
resource "ciphertrust_oci_byok_key_version" "byok_version_0" {
  cckm_key_id   = ciphertrust_oci_byok_key.test_key.id
  source_key_id = ciphertrust_cm_key.cm_key_version.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cckm_key_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager Key ID.
- `source_key_id` (String) ID of the key that will be uploaded from a key source to OCI.

### Optional

- `schedule_for_deletion_days` (Number) (Updatable) Waiting period after the key is destroyed before the key is deleted. Only relevant when the resource is destroyed. Default is 7.
- `source_key_tier` (String) Key source from where the key will be uploaded. The default is 'local'. The only option is 'local'.

### Read-Only

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `cloud_name` (String) CipherTrust Manager cloud name.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `id` (String) The key's CipherTrust Manager resource ID.
- `key_material_origin` (String) CipherTrust Manager origin of the key version's material.
- `oci_key_version_params` (Attributes) OCI key attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oci_key_version_params))
- `refreshed_at` (String) Date/time the key was refreshed.
- `source_key_name` (String) Name of the key that will be uploaded from the key source to OCI.
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the application was updated.
- `uri` (String) CipherTrust Manager's unique identifier for the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--oci_key_version_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oci_key_version_params`

Read-Only:

- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment's OCID.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Whether the key belongs to a primary vault or a replica vault.
- `key_id` (String) The key's OCID.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) The key version's current lifecycle state.
- `origin` (String) Origin of the version;s key material.
- `public_key` (String) Version's public key.
- `replication_id` (String) The replication ID associated with a key version operation.
- `restored_from_key_version_id` (String) Key version OCID from which this key version was restored.
- `time_created` (String) The time the key version was created.
- `time_of_deletion` (String) The time when the key version will be deleted.
- `vault_id` (String) OCI Vault OCID.
- `version_id` (String) OCI version ID
