---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_oci_vault Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this resource to create and manage OCI vaults in CipherTrust Manager.
  Import an Existing Vault
  To import an existing vault, first define a resource with
  required values matching the existing vault's values then run the terraform import command specifying
  the vault's CipherTrust Manager resource ID on the command line.
  For example: terraform import ciphertrust_oci_vault.imported_vault af0c0c2c-242f-4c23-ab82-76d32d54901b.
---

# ciphertrust_oci_vault (Resource)

Use this resource to create and manage OCI vaults in CipherTrust Manager.

### Import an Existing Vault

To import an existing vault, first define a resource with
required values matching the existing vault's values then run the terraform import command specifying
the vault's CipherTrust Manager resource ID on the command line.

For example: `terraform import ciphertrust_oci_vault.imported_vault af0c0c2c-242f-4c23-ab82-76d32d54901b`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ciphertrust_oci_vault" "vault" {
  # Required parameters
  connection_id    = ciphertrust_oci_connection.connection.name
  region           = "oci-region"
  vault_id         = "vault-ocid"
  # Optional parameters
  bucket_name      = "bucket-name"
  bucket_namespace = "bucket-namespace"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager OCI connection ID or connection name. When importing an existing vault use the connection name.
- `region` (String) The vault's region.
- `vault_id` (String) The vault's OCID.

### Optional

- `bucket_name` (String) Name of the OCI bucket for creating key backups of HSM-protected keys for Virtual Private Vaults (VPVs). The bucket should be in the same region as the vault. You must have appropriate read/write permissions on this bucket. Note: If bucket_name is not specified, the keys cannot be backed up while syncing vaults.
- `bucket_namespace` (String) Namespace of the OCI bucket, bucket_name. This parameter is required if bucket_name is specified. Note: If bucket_namespace is not specified, the keys cannot be backed up while syncing vaults.

### Read-Only

- `account` (String) The account which owns this resource.
- `acls` (Attributes Set) List of ACLs that have been added to the vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--acls))
- `cloud_name` (String) CipherTrust Manager cloud name.
- `compartment_id` (String) The compartment's OCID.
- `compartment_name` (String) Compartment name.
- `created_at` (String) Date/time the application was created
- `defined_tags` (Attributes Set) The defined tags of the vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--defined_tags))
- `freeform_tags` (Map of String) The freeform tags of the vault.
- `id` (String) The vault's CipherTrust Managers resource ID.
- `is_primary` (Boolean) Whether the key belongs to a primary vault or a replica vault.
- `lifecycle_state` (String) The vault's current lifecycle state.
- `management_endpoint` (String) The vault's management endpoint.
- `name` (String) The vault's name.
- `refreshed_at` (String) Date/time the application was refreshed.
- `replication_id` (String) The replication ID associated with a vault operation.
- `restored_from_vault_id` (String) OCID of the vault this vault was restored from.
- `tenancy` (String) The tenancy name.
- `time_created` (String) The time the vault was created in OCI.
- `updated_at` (String) Date/time the application was updated.
- `uri` (String) CipherTrust Manager's unique identifier for the resource.
- `vault_type` (String) The vault's type.
- `wrappingkey_id` (String) Vault's wrapping key OCID.

<a id="nestedatt--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `acls`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Set of String) Permitted actions.
- `group` (String) CipherTrust Manager group.
- `user_id` (String) CipherTrust Manager user ID.


<a id="nestedatt--defined_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `defined_tags`

Read-Only:

- `tag` (String) A tag assigned to the vault.
- `values` (Map of String) The key:value pairs to added to the tag.
