---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust_password_policy Resource - terraform-provider-ciphertrust"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust_password_policy (Resource)
- Change the current global password policy for all users. Can only be used by a member of the admin or user admin group. Currently, by default 'global' policy is applied to all users.
- Create, Update and Delete a custom password policy. Can only be used by a member of the admin or user admin group. Currently, by default 'global' policy is applied to all users. To apply the policy, you need to assign it to a user.

This resource is applicable to CipherTrust Manager only.


## Example Usage

```terraform
#Global Password Policy
resource "ciphertrust_password_policy" "PasswordPolicy"{
	inclusive_min_upper_case = 2 
	inclusive_min_lower_case = 2 
	inclusive_min_digits = 2 
	inclusive_min_other = 2 
	inclusive_min_total_length = 10
	inclusive_max_total_length = 50 
	password_history_threshold = 10 
	failed_logins_lockout_thresholds = [0, 0, 1, 1]
	password_lifetime = 20
	password_change_min_days = 100
}

#Custom Password Policy
resource "ciphertrust_password_policy" "PasswordPolicy"{
	policy_name = "testcustompolicyname"
	inclusive_min_upper_case = 2
	inclusive_min_lower_case = 2
	inclusive_min_digits = 2
	inclusive_min_other = 2
	inclusive_min_total_length = 10
	inclusive_max_total_length = 50
	password_history_threshold = 10
	failed_logins_lockout_thresholds = [0, 0, 1, 1]
	password_lifetime = 20
	password_change_min_days = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `failed_logins_lockout_thresholds` (List of Number) List of lockout durations in minutes for failed login attempts. For example, with input of [0, 5, 30], the first failed login attempt with duration of zero will not lockout the user account, the second failed login attempt will lockout the account for 5 minutes, the third and subsequent failed login attempts will lockout for 30 minutes. Set an empty array '[]' to disable the user account lockout.List of lockout durations in minutes for failed login attempts. For example, with input of [0, 5, 30], the first failed login attempt with duration of zero will not lockout the user account, the second failed login attempt will lockout the account for 5 minutes, the third and subsequent failed login attempts will lockout for 30 minutes. Set an empty array '[]' to disable the user account lockout.
- `inclusive_max_total_length` (Number) The maximum length of the password. Value 0 is ignored.
- `inclusive_min_digits` (Number) The minimum number of digits.
- `inclusive_min_lower_case` (Number) The minimum number of lower cases.
- `inclusive_min_other` (Number) The minimum number of other characters.
- `inclusive_min_total_length` (Number) The minimum length of the password. Value 0 is ignored.
- `inclusive_min_upper_case` (Number) The minimum number of upper cases.
- `password_change_min_days` (Number) The minimum period in days between password changes. Value 0 is ignored.
- `password_history_threshold` (Number) Determines the number of past passwords a user cannot reuse. Even with value 0, the user will not be able to change their password to the same password.
- `password_lifetime` (Number) The maximum lifetime of the password in days. Value 0 is ignored.
- `policy_name` (String) The name for the custom password policy.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


